Settings
========

Copy `settings.example.yml` to `example.yml`, and then edit the settings
in `example.yml`

* debug.handlers.*.level
    * Set to the debug verbosity that you require.
* debug.loggers.*.handlers
    * Add "console" to the array if you want console output.
* db
    * definition_path
        * This is the path for the main DB definition, used in db creation.
          This should not be changed.
    * dbdriver
        * The db driver, e.g. `mysqli`.
    * host
        * The DB hostname, e.g. `localhost`.
    * root_password
        * DB root password, used in `install` script.
    * username
        * The DB user.
    * password
        * The DB password.
    * database
        * The DB name.
    * options[debug]
        * Turn on DB debug.
        * See [ADOdb documentation][adodb_documentation] for possible values.
    * charset
        * The DB charset.
    * collation
        * The DB collation.
* api
    * protocols
        * List the protocols allowed to access ApiOpenStudio,
          i.e. http, https.
    * base_path
        * The full server path to the docroot.
    * url
        * The API url.
    * cache
        * Set to true to enable caching on the server (opcode service
          automatically discovered), set to false to disable.
        * If you have multiple services available on the server, you instruct
          Datagator to use a specific opcode by setting this value to `apc`
          for APC or `memcache` for MemCache.
    * default_format
        * If the API does not receive an 'Accept' header, this is the format
          that it will return.
        * See /includes/Output/ for the different possibilities.
    * core_account
        * This is the account created on installation, for ApiOpenStudio's core
          resources. This should not be altered.
    * core_application
        * This is the application created on installation, for ApiOpenStudio's
          core resources. This should not be altered.
    * core_resource_lock
        * Setting this to false will allow you to edit core resources. Use with
          caution.
    * dir_public
        * The relative path to the public directory from docroot.
    * dir_yaml
        * The relative path to the resources' directory from docroot.
    * dir_tmp
        * The full path to the tmp directory on the server.
    * jwt_private_key
        * The path on the server to the JWT encryption private key
    * jwt_public_key
        * The path on the server to the JWT encryption public key
    * jwt_alg_type
        * The JWT encryption algorithm type, e.g. Rsa, Hmac, Ecdsa, Eddsa, OpenSSL
    * jwt_alg
        * The JWT encryption algorithm, e.g. Sha256
    * jwt_life
        * This is the time before a JWT token will expire and require logging in again.
    * jwt_issuer
        * The issuer domain of the JWT token: same as api.url if generated by ApiOpenStudio, or the domain of a 3rd
          party auth service if you're implementing auth that way.
    * jwt_permitted_for
        * The domain the JWT token is permitted for: this is usually the same as api.url
* email
    * host
        * The Email server host.
    * username
        * Authentication username
    * password
        * Authentication password
    * from.email
        * From address in sent emails.
    * from.name
        * From name in sent emails.

[adodb_documentation]: https://adodb.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=project:documentation
